# Tool Support
A set of custom developed javascript tools to speed up and assist in reasearch activities  
## Descriptions
### datasetGenerator.js
This tools generates a dataset from mutode2 output of a npm package. It will generate all possible combinations of test cases and would insert rows with 0 or 1 at corresponding indices of test case number. 0 indicates a test case is picked and 1 indicates it was dropped for this particular sample. Each row has an output which is the mutation score achieved by the selected test cases. It will generate an output csv file   
`node datasetGenerator.js <path to csv output from mutode> {restriction of combinations (integer)}`

### combinationScorer.js
Generates all possible combinations of test cases, seperates combinations of same sizes into collections and then for each collection picks randomly at most 10 combinations and returns their maximum, minimum and average mutation score. Generates an combinationScorerOuput folder having detailed outputs in csv files format  
`node combinationScorer.js <path to csv output from mutode> <mode>`   
mode can take values "limited" or "full". In limited mode, the tool would generate at max 10 combination of every size possible

### testRename.js
This package will rename test cases and append them with their number. Test cases are renamed inplace so backup the test folder before running this script. This script is not genralized to every package,some packages still need a little manual naming, and it does not work in cases where dynamic tests are generated.  
`node testRename.js <path to test folder of npm package>`

### stringMaker.js
Given a csv string of test case number, generates a regex string that can then be used with mocha to run only selective tests. If mutode2 output file is also given as a parameter two strings are returned one containing only test case number and other only names  
`node stringMaker.js <testCaseNumbersSeperatedByComma> {<mutode2 output file for the test case> escape}`

### correlations.py
This python script takes a dataset file generated by datasetGenerator.js and return 'n' most correlated test cases w.r.t mutation scores.Requires pandas and numpy. Generates a CSV output as well   
`python correlations.py <path to dataset file> <path to mutode2 file (used to generate dataset file)> <no of test cases to be picked (n)>`

### quickMutationScore.js
A helper script that takes a mutode2 output for a npm package and its selected test case csv string (output from binaryMin,ddMin,linMin and correlations.py) and returns the mutation score that is achieved by those test cases   
`node quickMutationScore.js <path to csv file> <test case csv string> `
